doc: Zephyr out-of-tree module.yml examples (#28583)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/glossary.rst

      term storage rather than copying it into RAM, saving writable memory for
      dynamic data and not the static program code.

   Zephyr downstream module
      A Zephyr module that the :file:`zephyr` repository default configuration
      and default manifest file are **not** aware of.

   Zephyr manifest module
      A Zephyr module which also contains one or more west manifest files.

   Zephyr module
      A YAML file named :file:`zephyr/module.yml` and all the content it
      references, which define the extensions to be hooked into the Zephyr

>       infrastructure.

Reviewer: imo we consider the whole project a Zephyr module when it contains a `zephyr/module.yml` file, and not just the file itself.

The file is just used to identify that this project is a Zephyr module, and the content of the file defines how it should be integrated, as example, is it a DTS, board, soc root ? should it be included in the build flow (CMakeLists/Kconfig) ? should it integrate into twister.

Author: @tejlmand I started with your impression, then asked if it still made sense for repositories like project_chip and bacnet-stack, which have substantial content for non-Zephyr platforms and environments. It seems the content not reachable by the Zephyr glue code is beyond any Zephyr-module policies. I just didn't want developers in other Open Source projects to think all of their repository needed to comply with Zephyr policies.

Would you still like this changed?

Reviewer: I think we need something in between. Cause I find the current description too limiting.

Personally, I would still refer to the project as a Zephyr module, although not all of the code in there may be used by Zephyr.
Just like https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/mbedtls is a Zephyr module, but as the code is developed by ARM, then the code itself will not comply with Zephyr policies.

Author: @tejlmand Suggestions welcome, and I can align with a more generic definition. Since we can imply a valid `zephyr/module.yml` from repos with both `zephyr/CMakeLists.txt` and `zephyr/Kconfig` (and/or deprecate it), how about:

"A repository with a valid `zephyr/module.yml`" ?

   Zephyr Project module
      A Zephyr module managed by the Zephyr Project.  These modules will
      be hosted at the Zephyr project organization on Github.

   Zephyr upstream module
      A Zephyr module that the :file:`zephyr` repository default configuration
      and default manifest file are aware of.

   :makevar:`ZEPHYR_MODULES`

>       The Zephyr build system CMake variable through which a list paths to
>       all Zephyr modules may be provided.

Reviewer: what about:
```suggestion
     The Zephyr build system CMake variable through which a list of paths to
     Zephyr modules that should be included in the current build.
```

You could have `n`-Zephyr modules available, but decide to only include `m` of those in a particular build of projectA, while including `l` of them when building projectB.

In this case, the user probably will use a variant of 2. in this description: https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/guides/modules.html#without-west

   :makevar:`ZEPHYR_EXTRA_MODULES`
      The Zephyr build system CMake variable through which paths to
      Zephyr modules may be provided.  This is provided to support module

>       development tangential to how :makevar:`ZEPHYR_MODULES` is being used.

Reviewer: or it can be used in combination to `west`, where `west` knows about the manifest defined modules, but you have additional local modules or private repos (as example for testing or confidential code) that you want to include in a build.

Could be, as example, when working with the source for a closed source stack.

Author: Good to know. Please suggest replacement text if you feel that needs to be captured.

Reviewer: will do some thinking.
